All right, listen up scrubs. This is our
tank. Okay, get down. Get down here. I
didn't even notice this was a tank.
Inside of a tank. We are inside of a
tank right now. I'm going to be your
captain and we need to kill our viewers.
Y everyone have a little look in here.
As you can see, oh my god. We are inside
of a mountain. Okay. Yeah, I'm just
showing everyone first. Just chill.
Okay. Okay. So, have a look. We're
inside of a mountain and we're being
attacked by viewers in a tank on the
right hand side. Okay. And we're going
to blow them up big time. Where are
they? Over here. Listen up. Let me give
you guys a quick tutorial. Okay. Over
here. This is where we load the shells.
This is where we change the angle. I'll
get a shell, sir. Okay. Over here is the
power of I've lost you guys already,
haven't I? See, I'm looking for
Look, I've got a shell, Josh. I've got a
shell. This is the power of the shop.
I'm trying to show the viewers as well
how this works. Okay, put that in there.
Craner. Yeah. Okay, good. It's loaded.
Okay, so basically Craner, uh, get on
the turret aiming thing over here. Over
here. Another shelf. We don't need
another shelf in. No, no, no, no. But
I'm going to tell where to aim. Tell me
where to go. Well, at the moment, we're
inside of a mountain. Where have the
viewers gone? Wait, where the viewers? I
need to aim it this way at least. Wrong
way. Someone's driving. I'm driving. I'm
driving. You're driving the wrong
direction. Why are you driving? Which
way do you want me to go? Left or right?
Right, right, right. Cuz we're going to
drive off the edge. Okay. So, how fast?
We'll just drive it off. Just going to
like kind of Oh my god, we got a
parachute. Okay. Guys, aim the cannon
fully left. Um, aim left. Fully left. Is
it happening? That's right, Crane. Oh my
god. Oh my. Okay. Aiming. Aiming fully
left. Right of us. Okay. I have problems
with that. Look. I need you to um Is it
working? Uh, prepare to fire when I say,
"Okay, up the cannon a little bit."
Rei full power. Full power. Did that
help, Josh? Is it aimed correctly now?
Yes, it is. Okay, fine.
Okay, guys. Not terrible. Not terrible.
Getting a new shell. Getting a new
shell. All right, so this is the jobs.
Okay, this is the jobs. Finn, get off
the thing. You're
useless. I see them. I see them. I see.
Finn, get off. I'm getting off. You
drive. You drive. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm
put I'm giving you two things. Okay.
This is your driving thing here. Okay.
You also need to get fuel cans here.
Yeah. Yeah. And then you've got to fill
them up here. Let me just show you so
the viewers can sort of see what I'm
doing. Okay. So, I grab a can and then
bring it over here. Yeah. And then you
you pump this thing here to fill it up.
I don't I don't want you guys to panic,
but what if they shoot us right here as
well? Okay. Yeah. I realize, but I'm
trying to teach you guys how this works.
Okay. Yeah, but we need to kind of hurry
up, Josh. We need to shoot at them, you
know. I also have a fire extinguisher.
Yeah, we're not on fire right now. Oh my
god, we almost hit him last time. I just
need to aim a little bit more. Right. So
then you take No, take it to there. You
take it to here and then you fill it
back up. Maybe that's going to help.
Maybe that's going to help. Maybe that's
going to help the fuel in there. Let me
do it. I'll get I'll fill. Oh, that's
too high. I definitely aimed too high on
that one. Dude, you didn't even listen
to me. Down
down. All right. Fire. Fire. Fire. We
need you to fire up. Yeah, I'm boring.
I'm barring. I'm barring. You can't
while you're holding that, Rey fire. Oh,
we hit him. All right, get another one
in now. Quick, get another one in shell.
Get another shell. Get another shell in
your We don't need fuel. Finn. Okay. All
right. I'll forget the fuel. Forget the
fuel.
Okay, I need us to go slightly to the
left. A small amount. Drive forward
slightly. Drive the wheel. So slightly
left. So slightly. Bit more. Bit more.
Bit more. Bit more. Bit more. Bit more.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bit more. Fire. Fire.
Fire.
Did we get that? All right. Let's go.
Full left. All right. Charge them.
Charge them. They're damaged. Full.
Okay. Four. By the way, I'm only using
normal ones. Oh no. Wait. Yeah. Yeah. We
can use different Oh my god. Oh, I think
I hit them. I think I hit this one, but
Okay. Get us fuel. Get us fuel. Get us
fuel. I'm fueling. I'm fueling. I'm
fueling. Where do you need me to aim,
sir? Um, okay. in the future like we
could use like other things like
teleport piercing, you know. I think I
think we're using a drill one right now.
We need fuel, Finn. We need fuel. I'm
pumping up the fuel. I'm popping up. Aim
down. Aim down. Aim down. Aim down.
Popping. Okay, we're going to do Oh, we
just took a hit. We just took a hit on
fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Get the fire
extinguisher. You guys fired while I was
controlling it. We did. We did fire. We
got hit. Put him out. Put him out. Ah,
Richie, help me for goodness sake. I
filled up the filled up the fuel. We got
100%. Okay, we got 80 health, guys.
Guys, guys, guys. We need to aim the
cannon down now. Aim the cannon down.
Aiming. Aiming down. Aiming down. Okay.
All right. Take the power off. I'm going
to take the power off by a little bit.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do we do now,
Josh? What are we doing? Fire. Fire.
Fire. Fire. Dang. Did it help? Did we
get it? They had a shield on. Dang it.
Okay. Okay, guys. Okay. Shield. Shield.
Shield. Someone needs to be on shield.
The shield shield on the shield. I don't
know. You guys figure it out. You guys
figure it out. Is on shield. There's
also a new They're aiming. They're
aiming. They're aiming. They're going to
be firing soon. Run. Run. Okay. The fire
extinguisher ready. No. I need you to
drive us left. Okay. Okay. Rey shield.
How far left? Just keep going. Keep
going. Okay. Drive. Drive. Oh my god. We
just Wait. They teleported behind us,
guys. No, I'm going right, guys. We're
right next to them. We're right next to
them. Turn the camera. I'm aiming. I'm
aiming. Wait, what if what if you put in
there? What is the blue one? I don't
know. Isn't that the teleport one? No.
No. No. Fire. Fire. Try shot. Oh, we got
a direct hit of 100 damage. Guys,
they're aiming at us. We need to get out
of here. They're aiming at
us. Fuel. They're Oh, did we get hit? We
need more fuel, Richishi. I think we
just took a direct here. Okay, now let's
Okay, we need to teleport. Teleport.
Take a teleport. I'm getting a uh
D2 nuts. No, don't do it. Oh, god damn
it. Oh, I see them. I see them. I see
them. Okay, I've got the teleporting.
They're um All right. I want you to go
back, Finn. Go back a bit. Where do you
want me to aim the teleporter? Back.
Okay. Wait. Aim the cannon up first. Aim
the cannon up.
Up. Stop. How far back? Right. Right.
Right. Right. Okay. Go back. Go back,
Finn. Back, Finn. Me. Yeah. This one.
Stop. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. I'll
fire. I'll fire. Firing. Boing. Oh my
god. Right. Go right. Go right. Go
right. Go right. We're on the edge. Oh
my god. We nearly fell off. Okay, we've
got health in front of us. Are we out of
fuel? Are we out of fuel?
Dude, this is fun. Filling up. Filling
up fuel. Filling up fuel. Okay, there's
health. We need to get the health. But
they're going to teleport up here. Okay,
we need a generic shot loaded craner.
Yeah, I'm loading it right now. Josh, I
read your mind. I feel like an engineer.
Yeah. Okay, bro. Where do we aim this
for now? Just aim it right. Aim it fully
right. Okay. Okay. Here we go. Here we
go. Here we go. Like that, Josh. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. And we need to go right
though to get health. Yeah. Finish
filling it up. Filling up. Filling up.
Filling up. Filling up. There we go. We
got the health. We got the health. Okay.
I'm Well, we just went back. Everyone
have a look. Everyone have a look. I
want you guys to have a look to
understand where we are. Let me see. Let
me see. Oh, we're there. We got there
first. I don't think they're going to be
able to get a hit on us, you know. Wait,
how do we get here? Now, what we could
do is we could do an MLG jump down,
shoot them sideways. Let's do it. Let's
do it. Let's do it. But we need to fill
up with fuel. No, we just aim it fully
down. Aim it fully down. Aim it fully
down. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz they're going to
when we're going to No, that Dude, what
the heck? That's not Tell me when to
drive. Tell me when to drive. Do you
want it this way? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Down a bit more. They can't go
down. Mod drive. Drive. Drive. Prepare
to shoot. Prepare to fire. Prepare to
fire. Driving right. Prepare to fire.
Fire. Oh my god. We went over them. We
went over them. Oh no. Okay. Back up.
Back up. Back up. Back up. Okay. I'll
get back up. Backing up. Backing up.
Backing up. Back. New bullet. Getting a
new bullet. How much am I backing up by?
All right. That's enough. That's enough.
That's enough. Okay. Oh my god. They're
lining up. They're lining up. Shield. We
need a shield. Rishi, why have you not
figured out the shield? The shield's
already on. The shield's already on.
Damn it. This is definitely isn't on.
Where do I aim, sir? Oh my god. We just
They just teleported on top of us.
They're right next to us. Wait, why do I
Who fired? Oh my god. They are as well.
What the heck, dude? Why did somebody
fire? Did you fire, Finn? Okay, I did.
Yeah, I meant Why did
you No reason. He did it for no reason.
Josh, you're stupid. Finn, wait for I I
wanted to press the button. You're going
to get caught marshaled for that. No.
What? Okay, that's a drill shot. That's
going to hit him good. Oh my god. Fire,
fire, fire. They're right in front of us
for goodness sake. Firing. Okay, fully
left. Come here. Come here. Come here.
Oh my god. Holy Spirit. Come here. Come
here. Stop. I can't control him, guys.
We've got no fuel. Get the fuel in
there. Okay. Oh, Jesus Christ. I'm
taking the Oh no, I've run out. Dude,
fuel can's on fire. Are we really losing
right now, guys? We're right in front of
them. They're like standing on us. We
need to load another bullet up. But you
guys need the fire extinguisher. We
don't. We just need to drive left. There
we go. There we go. There we go. I'm
loading up another bullet now. Oh, that
was close. Keep going left. Keep going
left. Do you need Do we What about full
power? Full power. Yeah. What are we
doing now, Josh? We just need to get out
of here. We're too close to them. Okay,
actually, we could fire. Fire. Fire.
Fire. Oh my god, we went over. Was the
cannon aimed up? No, it's fully down.
All right, keep going left. Keep going
left. If we go left a bit more, we'd be
aiming perfectly. Why? How do they How
do they keep putting a shield up, guys?
I don't know, bro. I'm not an expert.
But I I don't get because ours looks
like it's on. That's Maybe because it's
on all the time. It's not like Yeah.
Good point. Maybe we need to regenerate
it. Yeah. Where do I aim? What have you
got?
Oh my god. Oh my god. Don't move. Shoot.
Shoot. Shoot. Shoot.
Shoot. Forward. Don't shoot. Don't
shoot. Don't. A. It was a moment in
time, guys. Okay. Well, you need to be
better at Move forwards. Move forwards a
little bit cuz I can aim this. Right.
This is going to be This reminds me of
World War II, guys. Yes, I was there. I
was a tank driver in World War II. You
don't want to be that, I think. Okay,
fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. So, one shot
right now is good. Yeah. Shoot. Shoot.
Shoot. Shoot.
So much higher. Okay. Left. Why is it so
hard to hit people with a tank? A little
bit more left. Yeah, that's good. That's
good. That's good. Okay. Finn says like
a little bit more left and then that's
good and I didn't do anything. Yeah. No,
no, no, no, no. Because it was it was
all right. It was all right. Okay.
Bullet is left. Fire. Firing. Okay,
they're all hitting the roof now. Okay,
clearly the piercing one was different.
Go back. Go left a bit. Left a bit. Left
a bit. Uh, left a bit. Come on. Good. Is
that good? Stop. Stop. Okay, we're going
to fire now. We can fire again. Okay,
load up bullet now, baby. Slap your
butt. There we go. Now it's going down.
Okay, right a bit. Go right a bit. Are
we at full power?
I'm doing the normal shot. Right bit.
Right a bit. Right a bit. All right,
stop. All right, now fire. Now fire.
Well, I can't, dude. I can't run that
fast, bro. Fire. You're doing a great
job. Great. Fire in the hall. Okay,
right a bit. Go right a bit. And get
another one ready to fire. I'm trying,
Josh. It's not as fast as you think. Get
rid of the fire. Get rid of the fire. I
can't
right. Fire. Crane.
Fire. Come on, Crane. Hurry up, dude.
Shoot it. There we go. Yes. Direct hit.
Okay, they're on fire. They're on fire.
They're going to be panicking, dude. We
need to get another one in there. We
need to get another one in there quick.
as fast as I can with my tiny legs. Get
those legs in there. They've not moved.
Get rid of fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire.
Fire. Oh my god. They're burning, guys.
They're burning.
Is there anything bigger cran we can
use? I'm trying something else now. What
was that tracer? That's something dead
soon, dude. Go, go, go. Shoot, shoot. I
don't think a tracer was useful. Oh,
they put the shield up, bro. They're
coming towards us. They're coming
towards us. I'm doing a drill shot. I'm
doing a drill shot. Moving back. Moving
back. Okay. Okay. Don't. Don't. Okay.
Fire now. Fire now. Stop. No. I can't.
No. Not yet. I think we're in a good
position.
We're in a good position. Oh,
yes. High five. High five. Absolutely
brutal. High five. That was amazing. No
one's highing you, Finn.